1) According to the boxplots, there are gender differences in math vs reading scores. For Math Scores, male scores are higher than female scores, with the upper quartile being higher for men. For reading scores, it is the opposite. Female scores have a higher mean and higher upper quartile compared to men. Female scores have quite a few outliers on the data compared to men as well, all below the first quartile. 

2) According to the boxplots, if you have prepared for the test, it will affect the outcome of your test. The students who took the math test preparation course had a higher median and third quartile compared to the group of students that did not take the course. There are fewer outliers for the completed compared to none as well, all being lower than the first quartile of the graph. The medians of both groups are close to each other. 

3) From what the graph shows, there is indeed a difference on whether you have a standard or a free/reduced lunch. Each score has a difference of at least ten, with the standard lunch being greater than the free/reduced. In both of the data sets, the reading score is the greatest. Also, the largest difference is between the math scores of the lunch types. For those that want to have better class scores, they should have the standard lunch.

4)  According to the heatmap, there is a strong correlation between each subject. Writing and reading have the highest correlation score of 0.9, while math and reading have the lowest correlation score of 0.8. Reading and math are in the middle, with a score of 0.82. Each of the correlations are above .8, however, which shows they do correlate strongly with each other. Math, reading, and writing scores all correlate in the positive direction.

5) There is a strong association between math and reading scores. Both scores grow linearly as the scores increase. However, the students that have not prepared for their tests have a steeper slope compared to the students that completed the test preparation course. The students that have completed the course have a smaller range of reading scores compared to the students that have not. In the end, we can see that the students that there is more variation in the scores for students that did not take the test preparation course compared to the ones that did. 

